hello youtube this is gravedigger five
seven zero and today I'm going to be
doing an unboxing for your eyes of some
AV component cables and I got this in
the mail today by hottest deal ever but
there in Pennsylvania got it off Amazon
for about eleven dollars plus express
shipping and I just want to get my
channel started off so I can get my
capture card and I need AV cables but
yeah I'll get my capture card soon
earlier but hopefully you guys enjoyed
this unboxing let's get to it
so first it comes in this package and
which I'm going to set the glue it down
here we have a thanks for shopping with
hte so I guess it's just like their
thank-you card
okay so looks awesome
in this place are the tables so here's
the UM here's the plug right here uh and
here's the five plugged into gold-plated
two gold-plated just like that and yeah
look and let me just read you what it
says on the thing not all of it just
this says what you ordered PlayStation
three analog AV multi-out two component
cable oh well priced three dollars but
in five cents life plus shipping plus
expert shipping so yeah gonna show you
guys how long this is because my
battery's better run out so and I will
do be doing gameplay videos and as soon
as I get 50 to 75 subscribers I think
this and I'll get my capture card but
yeah I will be using this camera it has
better quality once in front of a TV
yeah so you can see my other video the
other video with the black ops 2 an even
free-for-all gameplay for some reason
YouTube said they found shakiness and
they screwed up the video so that's why
it's all like what I'll try to fix that
later but right now just
okay so as you can see it's pretty long
so you go down there oh well it still
goes pretty long I'd say it's about I
don't know me feet yeah there's the
component cable um whatever plugs to
back so yeah so happy alrighty so yeah
YouTube thank you guys for watching this
unboxing video I will probably be doing
more like when I get my capture card so
make sure to comment rate and subscribe
on on more content coming out soon and
don't worry guys you guys will like it
but please please and you know it's free
and everything and I just want to get my
channel started off gonna get big and
everything but I'll take a few years but
yeah um thank you for watching YouTube
this is gravedigger five seven zero